# OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE NOTICE

Please note we provide an open source software notice for the third party open source software along with this software and/or this software component (in the following just “this SOFTWARE”). The open source software licenses are granted by the respective right holders.

Warranty Disclaimer
THE OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE IN THIS PRODUCT IS DISTRIBUTED IN THE HOPE THAT IT WILL BE USEFUL, BUT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, WITHOUT EVEN THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SEE THE APPLICABLE LICENSES FOR MORE DETAILS.

## 1. Third Party Code

### harmony/react_native_openharmony.har external code

1. **Precompiled Hermes**
   - **Path**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/prebuilt/**/libhermes.so`
   - **License**: MIT License
   - **License Path**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/prebuilt/LICENSE`
2. **ReactCommon**
   - **Path**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/rn/ReactCommon`
   - **Path to Patches**: `src/main/cpp/patches/react_native_core`
   - **License**: MIT License
   - **License Path 1**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/rn/LICENSE`
   - **License Path 2**: `src/main/cpp/patches/react_native_core/LICENSE`
3. **BOOST**
   - **Path**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/boost`
   - **License**: Boost Software License
   - **License Path**: `src/main/cpp/third-party/boost/LICENSE_1_0.txt`

## 2. Notices

Software: react-native v0.77.1

Copyright notice:
Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.
License: MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Software: BOOST v1.82.0

Copyright notice:
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

End of Notice
